Add Black to our Python standards (#203)
cfpb/development: standards/python.md

# Python Standards

- [Style](#style)
- [Linting](#linting)
- [Imports](#imports)
- [Dependency support/testing matrix](#dependency-supporttesting-matrix)
  - [Considerations](#considerations)
  - [Specifying dependencies in `requirements.txt` or `setup.py`](#specifying-dependencies-in-requirementstxt-or-setuppy)

## Style

All of our Python code should match the [PEP8 style guide](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) and the [Django coding style guidelines](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/internals/contributing/writing-code/coding-style/).

We follow [PEP8's line length](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/#maximum-line-length) instead of Django's for consistency with our other development standards. We follow [Django's recommended import ordering in Django projects](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/internals/contributing/writing-code/coding-style/#imports).

> We use [Black](http://black.readthedocs.io) to standardize formatting of our Python code and make linting easier. We do override the default line length for Black, however, to 78. We also exclude generated files like migrations. We provide a sample [`pyproject.toml` file containing line length and exclude configuration for Black](../pyproject.toml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [Black](http://black.readthedocs.io) to standardize formatting of our Python code and make linting easier. We override the default Black line length, setting it to 79 to match PEP8. We also exclude generated files like migrations. We provide a sample [`pyproject.toml` file containing line length and exclude configuration for Black](../pyproject.toml).
```
